[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory, and
our special guest tonight
is Jason Quitt.
Jason is a researcher who really
dives into the consciousness
end of it, and he's an author.
His book is called
"Forbidden Knowledge."
And Jason, welcome
to the program.
And you're always upbeat
every time I meet you.
>>JASON QUITT: Thank you,
and thank you for having me.
>>NOORY: What's new?
>>QUITT: What's new is
just traveling, working,
and researching more
on consciousness
and pushing myself with
different meditations
and Qigong to
explore other worlds.
>>NOORY: How did you evolve
into the area of consciousness?
Because I'm convinced when
you're a little kid in school,
you're not thinking about
consciousness are you?
>>QUITT: Not at all.
Not at all.
For me, it was something that
was just happening naturally.
And as a child, I would
actually have past life memories
coming to me.
As a child I would have
visitations at night when
I would go to sleep, different
beings and different shadows
would wake me up in the
middle of the night.
>>NOORY: Friendly and otherwise?
>>QUITT: Friendly and otherwise.
>>NOORY: Uh uh.
>>QUITT: And most of the
time, it was very frightening,
and it was just passed
off as nightmares.
And I just believed that
every person on Earth
experienced the same
nightmares as me.
>>NOORY: But we didn't, did we?
>>QUITT: No.
I found that out later
in life that when
I would explain to my friends
about don't you remember
this past life we had together?
For me that was very
normal, and they
would look at me come
kind of dumbfounded,
like what am I talking about.
And I realized that maybe
people didn't see the world
like I saw the world.
And I just kind of pushed it
out of my mind growing up.
And then in my
early 20s, I started
to really get involved again,
but it was not by choice.
I started to have
experiences again.
And I think this is what many
people are coming forward
with now.
They're saying that
they're experiencers.
They're starting to
experience something that's
beyond the physical world.
>>NOORY: Well, when
you say not by choice,
that means to me that
something forced your hand.
Is that what happened?
>>QUITT: Something
did force my hand.
And the way that it happened
was through a series of events
of sleep paralysis, and I
think there is many Americans
and people all around
the world that experience
a form of sleep paralysis.
>>NOORY: Which is a horrible
feeling, by the way.
Because you just you feel like
you're locked and strangled
and there's nothing you can do.
You can't move.
You're rigid.
It's a horrible feeling.
>>QUITT: It's terrifying.
And you wake up
basically paralyzed,
and you're screaming
inside your own mind,
saying wake up or move a
finger or do something.
It's like you're trapped.
>>NOORY: And you're not quite
sure if it's a dream or not,
but then you realize,
oh no it's not a dream.
I can't move.
And it, I think Jason it
could be a split second,
but it feels like it's
10 minutes, doesn't it?
>>QUITT: Yes.
It's very terrifying, and all
you want to do is wake up.
So when people ask you
know you're just dreaming,
I would say that it's an
actual state between waking
and dreaming where you are
conscious of the physical self
and body, but you can't move
or control what's happening.
>>NOORY: Have you ever been
hit with the old hag syndrome?
>>QUITT: Oh yes.
Oh yes, and those are the worst.
It feels like literally--
>>NOORY: Explain that for people
who don't know what that is.
>>QUITT: The old hag syndrome,
it's basically waking up
and it feels like you have
another person climbing up
on your body and suffocating
you or crushing you
where you can't breathe.
And many people, when they
have these experiences,
they can't open their eyes.
So they can't see
what's going on.
They can just feel
what's happening to them.
Unfortunately, with me,
I could open my eyes
and see these things.
>>NOORY: You saw the hag?
>>QUITT: It doesn't-- for me it
just looked like a shadow with
mass.
That's what it
looked like to me.
It's a heavy shadow with mass.
And when it climbs up
on you, it definitely
feels like something is
getting into bed with you,
getting on top of you, and
suddenly you're frozen.
You can't breathe.
You're being crushed,
and all you want to do
is scream and get out
of this situation.
>>NOORY: When I was a kid,
I had that old hag syndrome,
and distinctly remember
the haggish looking face.
And I remember
begging for whatever
was out there to end
this, because it scared
the living daylights out of me.
And then all of a
sudden, the hag just kind
of like floated up
and disappeared.
And I am convinced to this day
it was the old hag syndrome.
Had to be.
>>QUITT: And many
people experience this,
and some people experience it
and they see a shadow walking
around the room.
Sometimes they see
a shadow that's
wearing a hat, which is
a very strange thing.
>>NOORY: Like a shadow man?
>>QUITT: A shadow man
that wears a hat or--
>>NOORY: Tall hat.
>>QUITT: Tall hats.
Or they look like a grim
reaper where they're cloaked.
And when I would be in
the sleep paralysis state,
I would actually feel something
walking around the room
while I'm in this state.
I could also sometimes feel
this thing would sit on my bed
and there would
be a weight to it.
The bed would actually move
like someone is actually
sitting on the bed.
>>NOORY: Were you
sickly as a child?
Because they sometimes say if an
old hag visits you quite a bit,
that you're going to develop
sicknesses and illnesses as you
grow up.
Did that happen to you?
>>QUITT: Yes, I completely
agree with that.
Growing up I always had
a condition called IBS.
>>NOORY: What is that?
>>QUITT: It's called
irritable bowel
syndrome, which means anything
that I ate made me sick.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>QUITT: So it was
almost like growing up
I was allergic to food.
>>NOORY: You couldn't
hold down anything.
>>QUITT: I couldn't
So I became very,
very skinny where
you can see the
bones in my body,
and I was basically having
one foot in this world
and one foot into
the other world.
>>NOORY: You've probably
always have been tall, right?
>>QUITT: I've always been tall.
Yeah.
So for me, being 6
foot 5", to weigh,
I think the lowest I
weighed was around 140, 150.
>>NOORY: That's thin.
>>QUITT: That's very thin, so
I was about 30 to 40 pounds
underweight.
So for me that's very unhealthy.
>>NOORY: Blame it
on the old hag.
>>QUITT: I think that
when a person is sick,
their body starts
to become weakened.
Their electromagnetic
field becomes
weakened, which
allows them to shift
into this world and
the other world.
And when we start to merge or be
awakened into that other world,
the first thing
we're introduced to
is this fourth dimension
or this astral world where
these type of beings
inhabit, and we
start to become sensitive.
>>NOORY: When you
talked to your parents
about these things, what
did they say to you?
>>QUITT: Well, when I was a
child and I said, let's say,
a shadow was in
the room with me,
they would just say
it's a nightmare.
Later in life, in
my early 20s when
I would describe
what was happening,
they would want me to
see a psychiatrist.
>>NOORY: Did they
send you to one?
>>QUITT: No.
Luckily I was over
the age of 18.
>>NOORY: You decided
I'm not going.
>>QUITT: I decided.
No, because I know
that what I'm saying
is crazy to the normal person.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>QUITT: I know that it is.
>>NOORY: It's far
out for somebody.
>>QUITT: Right.
>>NOORY: But you also know
it's happening to you.
>>QUITT: Yes, and I'm not alone.
>>NOORY: And you're not alone.
That's true.
>>QUITT: There are millions of
people that experience this,
and many people don't
have the courage
to tell their friends and family
that this experience happened
to them as well.
And they just kind
of pass it off,
because there's a
lot of belief systems
that are in place that kind
of hold this information down.
>>NOORY: How old
were you, Jason,
when you had your first
out-of-body experience?
>>QUITT: I would say more
consciously was when I was 22.
>>NOORY: So late.
Late in life, basically.
I was 11 when I
had my first one.
>>QUITT: Well, I mean I
was having them as a child
all the time, but
for me I just thought
it was part of dreaming.
I wasn't aware that this
was something special.
It was only until later
in life that I realized
that what I was
actually doing was what
we would call astral traveling.
>>NOORY: Did you
enjoy the travel?
>>QUITT: At first it
scared me to death,
but it was like opening
up another world to me
and I was so curious of
what was on the other side
of the outer body experience.
>>NOORY: It's fascinating.
>>QUITT: It's absolutely
fascinating, so it drove me.
It didn't matter how fearful I
was of what could be out there,
I knew that there was
something out there
and I could have access to it.
And that kind of motivated
me and drove me forward
to explore this new world.
>>NOORY: So in my case,
I was on the ceiling
looking down at my
11-year-old body and just
kind of like hovering around.
Did you go anywhere?
Did you travel in
your astral body?
>>QUITT: At first, no.
At first I was too scared.
So I would push
myself out of my body,
and I would just
float above the bed.
And yes, I can see
myself in the bed.
It's very similar to--
>>NOORY: It's weird.
>>QUITT: It's a
very weird feeling,
and it's like a
near-death experience
that people describe.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>QUITT: So I would be
completely disassociated
from the body and be able to
look at myself laying in bed,
and I would just kind of
float around the room.
And when I became
more confident,
then I would explore
outside the bedroom
and then outside of the house.
>>NOORY: I had a chance to
interview on the program
Sonja Grace, who's
a mystic healer,
and she talks a lot about
what happened to you.
>>NOORY: As a spirit traveler,
can you get into trouble?
Can you get stuck
in an area that you
shouldn't be traveling?
>>SONJA GRACE: I can, and
I'm very careful to never go
anywhere without my guides.
My guides are the ones that take
me and move me through time.
>>NOORY: You trust
them, obviously.
>>GRACE: Absolutely.
And you know you could call it
time travel because I do end up
in a different
time period, but I
don't go anywhere without them.
They navigate where I'm going
and how I'm getting there.
There is something
that I work with
and that I talked about in my
book "Become an Earth Angel,"
and that's the--
>>NOORY: That's
this one right here.
>>GRACE: That's the fifth
dimension that we're in now.
We're in the fifth dimension.
We moved out of the fourth
dimension into the fifth.
And then there's energy
called the realms,
and those are two
different things.
Our whole galaxy is in
the fifth dimension,
so it's this higher
frequency, higher vibration.
But the realms are different
energies that we can exist in.
Most of Earth and people
are in the second realm.
Some people have moved
into the third realm.
They're a little calmer.
They like to communicate more.
>>NOORY: Where would
we be right about now?
>>GRACE: In the third.
In the third realm.
Yeah.
And high, really
evolved beings move
into the fourth
realm, fifth realm,
sixth realm, seventh realm.
That's where you're going
to find a lot of ETs.
That's where a lot of the
extraterrestrials exist.
>>NOORY: they your
spirit guides?
These ETs?
>>GRACE: No.
No my spirit guides are angels.
>>NOORY: Ah.
>>GRACE: Yeah.
And I work--
>>NOORY: How many do you have?
>>GRACE: I work
only with angels.
There's about five of them.
>>NOORY: Five spirit guides
all at the same time?
>>GRACE: Yeah, and I've
seen them since I was--
my earliest memory
was two years old.
>>NOORY: Do they all
have separate duties?
>>GRACE: They've been with
me through all my lifetimes.
>>NOORY: But do they have
different responsibilities?
>>GRACE: Yes, they do.
>>NOORY: I mean, like
one takes care of you
from getting into an accident.
>>GRACE: Right.
>>NOORY: One takes care of
you from health purposes.
Are they like that?
>>GRACE: They work
more as a group.
They work more
together on things.
There are certain ones that will
help me with certain things.
But for the most part,
we travel as a group.
And they make sure all
of my traveling is safe.
>>NOORY: Now on the
face of it, Jason.
One would say, come
on now, you're nuts.
You know otherwise.
She's not nuts.
>>QUITT: No.
No this is a very
common experience,
and she's actually
explaining it very well.
So when I do leave my body,
sometimes there are guides.
I don't really see them.
For me they kind of--
>>NOORY: But you feel them.
>>QUITT: They'll
stand behind me,
and they'll take me on journeys.
So I could feel somebody
holding my shoulder.
And it's not like--
it's like, the people say, when
you leave your body can you
go to wherever you want to go?
And the answer is never.
I'm never in control
of where I go.
When I leave my body suddenly
there's almost like something
there that decides I'm going
to show or take Jason here.
>>NOORY: Can you leave
at will out of your body?
>>QUITT: In the
right circumstances,
and it's usually in the
early morning hours.
For example, if you
wake up too early,
let's say it's
4:00 in the morning
and you could easily
fall back asleep.
That time I could very
easily move out of the body.
>>NOORY: Why is it that way?
>>QUITT: I think it's--
>>NOORY: Why does that work?
>>QUITT: I think it's because
your body is already asleep,
and your mind is already in
the brain wave frequencies.
>>NOORY: And you're relaxed.
>>QUITT: Right.
And it's all about the
brain wave frequencies.
When your brain waves
are in a certain state,
it's very easy to kind
of move in and out
of these fields of awareness.
So when you feel yourself
going into that awareness,
that in-between state, you can
actually shift your awareness
into that realm or dimension
in which she was talking about.
>>NOORY: Sonja talked about
having five spirit guides that
helped her.
Do you have a certain
amount, a number?
>>QUITT: No, no.
But I've been visited by
many different beings.
Most of them, they look like--
oh, I don't want to say
this-- but it's almost
like a Jedi master.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>QUITT: Where they look
like they're cloaked.
So they're wearing these cloaks.
Sometimes they're like--
>>NOORY: You just don't want to
see a bony finger sticking out
of the thing.
Stay away from those.
>>QUITT: Stay away from those.
But you can't see their face.
That's the one thing that
I've never seen, a face.
>>NOORY: So they've
got hoods over them.
>>QUITT: They have hoods
over, and you can't see them.
And they will sometimes
give me information
or take me on journeys.
Sometimes they'll
look like shadows.
And sometimes I'll wake
up and there will be,
let's say a being that
we would consider alien,
in the room with you.
And I've seen many
different types of these.
>>NOORY: What do
they want, Jason?
What's their end game plan here?
>>QUITT: For me, I
think it's like they're
trying to show me that there is
more to life than the 3D world,
that we have access to a
whole other space and time,
these other realms
that they live in.
So there's many different beings
on these different dimensions
or realms.
And they assist us.
They guide us.
They teach us.
And there's also
beings there that
are doing the opposite, which
are manipulating us or making
us sick.
So there's almost like a
balance of these different types
of beings.
>>NOORY: How can you distinguish
the difference between the two,
those that are
trying to help you
and those that are
trying to hurt you?
>>QUITT: Well, you'll
definitely feel it.
I've woken up with
different entities trying
to pull me out of my body
or take energy or even
put sickness in the body.
>>NOORY: Would you
call them demons?
>>QUITT: Yes, a demon would
be a very good word for them.
I would just call them entities.
And I just look at them as
beings trying to survive,
and it's just in
a different way.
They're looking for life force.
>>NOORY: Why would
demons surround you?
Because you seem like someone
who's got it together.
You understand the
world of consciousness.
You seem very positive.
Why would a demon approach you?
>>QUITT: I would say
that they may like
the energy that I'm carrying.
And I would say that
every person on the planet
carries traumas,
they carry wounds,
they carry things that
they may keep within them.
And because of
that, these beings
could track and connect
to those energies
and use them to take
energy from you.
>>NOORY: A lot of
people have tried
to go through portals
on this planet
to get to other worlds
or other dimensions.
What do you think of that?
>>QUITT: I think
it's absolutely true.
And I actually travel through
these portals in an outer body
state.
And what happens is
once I leave the body,
there will be a portal
that may open up
in different locations
in the bedroom.
>>NOORY: And you're
going intentionally?
>>QUITT: No, it's
like a magnetic pull.
>>NOORY: Ah ha.
>>QUITT: So you
see, you visually
see these things open
up, and they just
look like these
black round disks.
Sometimes they're very small.
Sometimes they're big
to fit the whole body.
And you get pulled.
It's almost like you get sucked.
It feels like a magnetic
pull coming through the body
or through the chest, and you
get pulled into these portals.
And it's a very interesting
experience actually traveling
through these portals.
The only way I could
describe it is,
you know the old TVs where
you don't have a channel
and you have that
static on the screen?
>>NOORY: Uh huh.
>>QUITT: That's what it--
>>NOORY: Noise, we call it.
>>QUITT: It's noise.
It's white noise.
So when you're traveling
through it, you see white noise
but it's the negative of that.
So it's like black noise.
>>NOORY: Are you scared?
>>QUITT: No.
No fear at all.
No fear.
You actually feel a
great acceleration.
And you hear the white noise
kind of passing your ears,
even though you don't have ears.
It feels like
you're accelerating
and there's a wind going past
your ears very, very fast.
>>NOORY: What's on the other
side of the portal, Jason?
>>QUITT: Sometimes
you get dropped off
in space, which happens a lot.
So I'll go through a portal
and I'll end up in space
and we can see different
planets or stars.
>>NOORY: That would be fun.
>>QUITT: It's very fun,
and then at that point,
I would have the guide
behind me holding me
by the back of the
shoulder, and they
would take me into the world
or where they're taking me.
>>NOORY: Have you
ever had that fear
that you could not get back?
>>QUITT: I actually
have the opposite fear,
which is that I want these
experiences to last longer,
and it's very hard for them to--
>>NOORY: When they end they
end on their own, don't they?
>>QUITT: They just end on, yes.
>>NOORY: And you're back
in your body just abrupt.
>>QUITT: Yes, and you're
like I wanted more.
>>NOORY: So these
out-of-body experiences
are different for
a lot of people.
William Bramley, one of the
authors of "Gods of Eden,"
talks about out-of-body
experiences the way
he perceives it.
>>WILLIAM BRAMLEY: These
types of theories all point
to these different
contiguous realms
that because we are using these
three dimensional bodies which
are programmed and adapted
for this particular world,
generally speaking,
we are restricted
to the perceptions and the
operations in this world.
And it's only after the
consciousness leaves the body
that it starts to experience
for the most part that broader
realm.
When a person has an
out-of-body experience,
they continue to see their
body, like the typical one
in the hospital.
They go out of the body.
They still see the body.
They still see the doctors.
They still see the
hospital, but then they're
also seeing this light.
They're also seeing
these tunnels.
They may be seeing
what they think
are guardian angels coming in.
And that's all part
of the same picture,
but it takes releasing
from the body
to be able to see those broader
things that are just really
in some sense part of
us, but there's still
a wall of separation.
And so the star gate
so to speak might
be that point where the gods
and where these entities kind
of come through.
They go back and forth.
>>NOORY: Pretty interesting
description wasn't it?
>>QUITT: Very accurate.
Very accurate.
Because I could feel these
beings step into the room,
but I can't see them
with my physical eyes.
>>NOORY: But you
know they're there.
>>QUITT: Right.
I know they're there, but
when I pop out of my body
they're standing right there
in front of me plain as day.
>>NOORY: Are they
disembodied spirits?
Are they the souls of the dead?
What are they?
>>QUITT: Sometimes you'll have
the dead coming to visit you,
because you could help
them or assist them.
But most of the
time, I would say
they're inter-dimensional or are
multi-dimensional beings that
exist in those realms, and
they're coming at certain times
in your life to awaken you
to show you that you yourself
are a multi-dimensional
being that have access
to the same worlds and
portals that they do.
>>NOORY: Tell me about
the Spider's Web portal.
What is that?
>>QUITT: This is a
very interesting thing,
and this is what one of the
beings that came to visit me
that wore the robe told me.
>>NOORY: Aha
>>QUITT: And they
told me a story, which
I found very, very interesting.
And they said that a very
long time ago in our history
that many universes, many
civilizations were all
connected by something called
the Great Spider's Web.
And it was a network
of portals that
was placed in many worlds where
once you can leave your body,
you can go and travel these
portals to visit people
and family and friends and other
beings in different timelines,
in different dimensions,
and on different planets.
So we had access at one time in
our history to leave our bodies
and travel these Spider
Webs to have communication
and experiences on many worlds.
>>NOORY: Now these portals
that are out there,
do they connect you,
Jason, to other universes?
>>QUITT: Yes, in fact this being
that describe the spider's web
to me says that the
spider's web alone
would give me access to seven
other parallel universes.
>>NOORY: Seven?
>>QUITT: Seven.
>>NOORY: In these other
parallel universes,
what could one expect?
>>QUITT: You would see yourself.
>>NOORY: In each one?
>>QUITT: In each one,
and you're living
almost the same existence.
So sometimes you'll wake
up in these parallel worlds
where you're still you but
you have a different history
in your mind.
You have a different
group of friends.
You may live in a different
location, but it's still you
and it still looks like you.
There's also sometimes
when you wake up
in these parallel worlds and
you're looking like an alien.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>QUITT: Yes.
So you have different
types of bodies
in different types of worlds.
>>NOORY: What have
these experiences
done for you in terms
of your life as a human,
as Jason Quitt?
What has it done for you?
>>QUITT: It's
actually very freeing.
It's very, very
freeing because you
know that your
consciousness exists
outside of the physical world
and will continue to exist.
And that the human body
is just a vessel for you
to experience this
world at this time.
But we're also living
in a multi-verse
and we're having many
experiences all the time
through time and space.
So we believe that
time is moving forward,
but when we leave our bodies
and we leave time and space,
we can easily jump into
our past and we can easily
jump into our future to learn
from those experiences too.
Does this make you
more perceptive?
Does it make you more psychic?
Absolutely.
It makes you more
sensitive and aware.
So like I said when the
beings come into the room
I can feel their presence
when they step into the room.
I can feel, let's say, if
it's a good or a bad energy.
Because if it's a
bad energy, they'll
be pulling out my energy
or trying to get at me.
And then I could put up shields.
But you get this
kind of awareness
beyond the physical
body, and it would
be kind of a
multi-dimensional awareness.
And when we get
sick, for example,
or something's not
right, sometimes it's
a spiritual explanation
and we can leave our body
and actually look
at our self and see
what is attached to
us, what is wrong,
what is causing us to be sick.
And we can work on ourselves
from that outer body
perspective.
When we come back to
the body and wake up,
that illness, that
sickness is gone.
>>NOORY: How do we
know that they are not
causing the sickness?
>>QUITT: Sometimes
they are, actually.
Because remember, you carry this
electromagnetic field with you,
and this electromagnetic field
or this consciousness field,
it tells your body
what it needs to do.
So if a being let's
say attaches to you
and they are carrying
different energies--
>>NOORY: And how do you
know it's attached to you?
>>QUITT: Well, if I
would leave my body
I could actually see
these things grab onto me.
>>NOORY: But if,
but if you don't.
Do you feel something?
>>QUITT: Yes.
Yes.
Sometimes you'll feel like
a pulling or a pinching
or a weird illness, or you'll
have very strange thoughts
or emotions.
You'll start to feel emotions
that you would not normally
feel.
And those are all
very good signs
that you have some type
of spiritual attachment.
And you would go to see someone
like a shaman or someone that
can see outside
the physical world.
So that they can then remove
these spiritual intrusions
to allow your energy
to flow again.
Because if there is
something attached to you,
it's causing a disturbance in
your electromagnetic field,
which would then have
physical ramifications.
>>NOORY: Do you ever at
any point invite them in?
Have you created this
environment yourself, maybe
unwillingly but you did?
>>QUITT: What I was told is that
the reason I'm just sensitive
like this in this life is
because I've done this many
times in other lives so
it's something that I'm used
to having these experiences I
would think sickness is one way
of inviting these things in,
because you're actually--
>>NOORY: Drugs, alcohol,
that does that too.
>>QUITT: Oh yes, like
addictions or obsessions,
you're drawing energy to you.
Because everything is energy.
And let's say, for example,
someone's addicted to alcohol.
You'll have beings, or
multi-dimensional energies,
that love the energy of alcohol.
So when you consume
it, you're putting out
that frequency of the
spirit of alcohol,
and then it will
draw these beings
to you which also
enjoy that frequency.
>>NOORY: As a
parasite is to a host,
I would assume they want to do
as much as they can to damage
you, but they don't want
to kill you because if they
do they lose you.
>>QUITT: Exactly.
Exactly.
So you'll get people that
are walking around that
are literally walking zombies.
They feel like they're
just being pulled
to places with no control.
>>NOORY: Sometimes when you
wake up and you feel that way,
has something happened
to you overnight?
>>QUITT: Yes.
Yes.
In fact, before I knew
I had these abilities,
I would wake up feeling
more tired and drained
than I went to sleep with.
And then I would
go to see a shaman,
and they would say you
were traveling at night
and you picked up
these hitchhikers.
So when you come back, you
have all these energies
that are now connected to you.
And if you don't have a
strong energy to begin with,
it can be very damaging to you.
And so when I started to leave
my body, a lot of these beings
they would start to teach me
healing techniques like Qigong,
and they said it was
absolutely necessary for me
to practice these things because
it helps rebuild and strengthen
my energy fields so that I
could be healthy and travel
in these worlds.
>>NOORY: Two authors
back in the 1800s,
Sylvan Muldoon and
Hayward Carrington
wrote a book called "Projections
of the Astral Body,"
and they said that there are
levels in planes of existence
that you go through that
you don't want to stop.
You don't want to be there.
They said that they are
so horrendous that you
want to move to the
next level pretty fast.
Did you ever experience that?
>>QUITT: I've experienced some
very terrifying places that
would only be described as
what the end of the world
would look like.
>>NOORY: Oh jeez.
>>QUITT: So very terrifying
places, and yes you
do want to move through them.
But, I think it's part
of the healing process
to actually go through these
levels and get through.
>>NOORY: And witness that?
>>QUITT: It changes you.
It really changes you.
When you wake up from
these experiences,
you're not the same person that
you were that night before.
>>NOORY: No.
Not at all.
What are physical
portals, Jason?
>>QUITT: I believe that
just as the astral worlds
and these dimensions
have portals,
the physical world has
these same portals.
And it does the
exact same things.
And we have portals opening
up naturally over the planet
all the time.
And all the time.
And right now this
is being proven
by NASA and Professor
Jack Scudder
from the University of Iowa.
>>NOORY: What have they found?
>>QUITT: What they
discovered, that in space
when the solar
winds from the sun
hit the electromagnetic
fields of the Earth,
where those two points cross,
it opens up a physical portal
that takes away time and space.
So they're observing these now
outside of the Earth in the--
I think it's about 10
kilometers or 10 miles outside
of the Earth's magnetic field.
And so they're observing these.
>>NOORY: And they're there?
>>QUITT: And they're
happening all the time.
>>NOORY: Are they opening
and closing constantly?
>>QUITT: They're opening
and closing constantly,
and some actually maintain the
portal for quite a long time.
>>NOORY: So we have had a
guest named David Paulides.
He appears with me on
Coast to Coast quite a bit.
He's written a book
called "Missing 411."
He has a theory that there
are many thousands of people
who are disappearing
from this planet,
and nobody knows where they are.
Whether they're being
abducted by an animal
or sucked up by a
UFO or whatever,
he's got a lot of
different theories.
But secretly he has
one specific theory
that he doesn't want to let
us in on, because I think
he thinks it's so frightening.
But I think what it
is, is that people
are stumbling into
these physical portals,
just walking into them, and
they can't find their way back.
Is that possible?
>>QUITT: Yes, and
you hear stories
about this through time,
especially in the Middle Ages
where they called
them fairy circles.
Where people would walk
out into the woods and they
would end up in
this fairy circle.
>>NOORY: And then they're gone.
>>QUITT: They're gone
forever, or you'll
have people walking
out of the forest
asking them what
time period it is,
because they just
walked into the forest
and when they walked
back out it's 200,
300 years in the future.
>>NOORY: Well, talking
about ancient civilizations
and portals to the
universe, look at this.
>>SPEAKER: Places like Gobekli
Tepe, or certainly the area
around Gobekli Tepe in southeast
Turkey, the area around
Giza in Egypt, and other places
like Stonehenge in England,
they form part of what might
be described as an Earth grid.
And there were reasons for
establishing these places.
They all have something
in common with each other,
and if you ask me what
that is, I would probably
say that it's geomagnetic
anomalies, the appearance
of strange light phenomena
what we would call UFOs today,
the manifestation of
supernatural forms,
supernatural entities, and
the idea that you can achieve
altered states of
consciousness more easily
at these places than elsewhere.
>>NOORY: Well, so there
could be portals everywhere.
>>QUITT: Yes, and
in ancient times
they would build their sacred
sites on these special ley
lines and points.
>>NOORY: How would they know?
>>QUITT: How would they know?
Because back then it was a
different electromagnetic
field.
The electromagnetic
field of the planet
was actually a lot stronger
than it is right now.
So they could actually sense
where to build these sites more
than we can today.
>>NOORY: They didn't
have instruments.
They didn't have little Geiger
counters or anything like that.
>>QUITT: I would say it has
to do with magnetic anomalies.
>>NOORY: Dowsing rods maybe?
>>QUITT: They could use
dowsing rods for sure,
or they could just feel it.
Or they could even
just observe nature
and they can see that
trees, certain trees are
growing towards these points
or certain natural phenomenon.
So you would see
lights in the sky.
You can see UFOs.
People would have spiritual
experiences at these places,
because these places
were natural portals
to the multi-dimensional world.
So they knew that these
points on the planet
were very, very
sacred, so they would
start to build stone circles.
They would start to build
temples at these locations.
Because at certain times the
sun would let's say, release
some solar wind and it will hit
the magnetic field of the Earth
and would activate the ley
lines so that these points would
actually open up
natural portal systems
that these ancient people
could actually travel through
to other places.
And sometimes beings, physical
beings, would walk out.
>>NOORY: Walk out?
>>QUITT: Yes.
>>NOORY: And they had
been there for how long?
For who knows how long, right?
>>QUITT: Right,
and these could be
what we would consider
beings from other planets
or dimensions or very
advanced beings that
would come to the planet and
teach humans about astronomy,
physics, science.
>>NOORY: Do you think UFOs
travel through these portals
as well to get from
time and space?
>>QUITT: I've seen
them travel like this.
>>NOORY: You have?
What have you seen?
>>QUITT: I've witnessed
this glowing ship.
It was this orange light
ship, and it was clear as day.
I'm just looking
at it in the sky.
And it's almost like someone
took a light dimmer switch
and just turned it off.
>>NOORY: As if it went
into the portal, right?
>>QUITT: Right.
This portal kind
of enveloped it,
and it just turned black
and gone instantly.
>>NOORY: And gone.
>>QUITT: Just gone.
And I knew right then
that these ships are not
traveling through space, they're
traveling through portals.
>>NOORY: It's the
only way to get here.
They can't be using
propulsion systems.
They'd be traveling forever.
>>QUITT: And the most
amazing thing about portals
is that it's not bound
by time or space.
So they can go into
let's say another world,
another dimension, or
another time period.
So it is a form of time travel
to travel through portals.
>>NOORY: The structures we
saw, Gobekli Tepe, Stonehenge,
and areas like that, maybe
even were the Great Pyramids
are in Giza, were they
put there systematically
because of the
portals and people
knew that they were there?
>>QUITT: Yes.
And this is what I've learned
from some of my communication
from outer body states.
And what they were saying
is that even civilizations
like what we would
call the Atlanteans,
they told me that
originally what
we would call the
original Atlanteans
came to Earth through a portal
that was located in the ocean.
>>NOORY: Huh.
>>QUITT: And that
they were actually--
came from a world
that was mostly water.
So their bodies had
more water density
than ours and they can
survive under water
and that eventually
they came on to land.
>>NOORY: If you know that
the portals are there,
how would you personally
use it to your advantage?
>>QUITT: Right
now, I would do it
through the outer body states.
And you would actually find--
>>NOORY: Astral body.
>>QUITT: Astral body.
And you would find
these portals today,
and they're still active.
For example, if you
go to Peru, they
have many of these doorways.
>>NOORY: At Nazca.
>>QUITT: At Nazca.
At Machu Picchu.
And these doorways
lead to nowhere.
It's just a stone wall
that has a door in it.
And if you would sit there and
meditate and leave your body,
that doorway is
an actual portal.
>>NOORY: Opens up.
>>QUITT: And you can
leave your body and travel
through that gateway.
And it's the same thing
with the pyramids.
There's different
subterranean chambers
under the pyramids that
are resonant chambers,
and what they would do is
they would sit and meditate
in these chambers.
And when you would
leave your body,
you would enter
into another world.
>>NOORY: Do you think
Christ had that ability
to travel through these portals?
>>QUITT: Absolutely.
Many masters throughout
time figured out
a way to leave the body
to get that information.
And they would
travel and have what
we would call spiritual
experiences with other divine
beings.
>>NOORY: How many humans are
aware of this in your opinion?
>>QUITT: I would say
there are tens of millions
of people that leave their body
constantly, and they're aware.
>>NOORY: On their own?
>>QUITT: On their own or
being guided from the outside.
But I don't think
that many people
have connected the dots that
this is the reality we live in.
And at one time in our history,
this was completely normal.
This was a human
experience that everybody
was able to go to
sleep, leave their body,
and then travel to
be with the ancestors
or to get information for
healing or to build technology.
This was the way that
it was done back then.
And now I think we're starting
to get back into that time
period or that time loop where
we're starting to actually
download and get this
information that this
is the next step of
evolution, that this
is the next place that
humankind is going.
>>NOORY: Jason, when you
go through these portals
and you come back, what
has happened to you?
Have you gained
physical strength?
Are you more
psychically inclined?
What happens to you?
>>QUITT: I would say that
for me personally it's
kind of like a
spiritual journey.
So I come back with
more information
about myself and the
universe that I live in.
So for me, it's gaining a
more technical understanding
of what I am, what we all are,
and how we're supposed to live.
So you get more
morals, more ethics,
and you have a
different perception
of how things work in the
world than your relationship
to nature is.
>>NOORY: Does it make
you a better person?
>>QUITT: It absolutely
makes you a better person.
>>NOORY: How does the person
watching this program right now
tap into the same things
you've tapped into?
>>QUITT: Well, first
of all, we have
to be aware that we're connected
to a source at all times.
We're receiving life
force energy at all times,
and we're always connected.
And it's the same
life force energy
that these multi-dimensional
beings are tapped into as well.
It's the same life force energy
that the plants and the animals
have.
And we all use it to
evolve and progress
our awareness of consciousness.
So by just tuning in to
that source or that stream
of awareness, it
will slowly move us
into that stream which gives
us information about ourselves.
And through that and through
that learning process,
we start to heal.
And that's how we start
to become a better person,
because we will never
want to hurt anybody.
>>NOORY: Most of us don't.
>>QUITT: Most of us don't
want to hurt people.
>>NOORY: So what
about those people
that are just darn
right evil, Jason,
that kill, maim, murder,
create wars, greed.
What's happening to them?
They probably have no idea
what we're even talking about.
>>QUITT: I would say
that through many years
and through many traumas, they
have closed themselves off
to this stream of awareness
in which I'm talking about.
>>NOORY: Or never had it.
>>QUITT: Or never had it,
and to live a life when
you feel you're alone
and not connected,
it really desensitizes
you to basically be
that person that's very evil.
So as you would
start to, let's say,
practice something like
Qigong or a meditation
or even get some spiritual
ethics and morals,
we start to learn that
it's the disconnection that
causes this type of
state of consciousness.
It's the disconnection
that causes
addictions and obsessions.
Because everything
has a life force,
and we are always
trying to live.
That's our goal, is survival.
So if we're not connected
to the life force energy,
we need to find that
energy in other places.
So we could take it from people.
And I guess that's
what being evil is.
We take it from others.
>>NOORY: Energy
psychic vampires?
>>QUITT: Yes.
Or we could take
it from things that
exist like smoking
or alcohol or drugs,
because that is a source
of energy as well.
So we can live off of
those energy fields,
but it keeps us disconnected.
>>NOORY: If someone wants
to get into this area
and perfect it for
themselves, any techniques?
What I was told
almost immediately
once I started to leave my
body was I had to heal myself.
And the way that I
had to heal myself
was all about the
electromagnetic bodies that
surround us, our
energetic fields.
And I was told I had to do a
healing practice called Qigong,
which is to
reestablish and rebuild
the energetic fields around
us and to reconnect ourselves
to the natural flows of energy
in which we were discussing.
Another thing I was drawn to
was that native shamanism, so
the traditional healing
wisdom that's been kept alive
since thousands of years.
And they can see
beyond the world.
They can see beyond
the third dimension.
So if you do have--
>>NOORY: They have that
third eye, don't they.
>>QUITT: Yeah, so if you have
that spiritual attachment that
is causing all this
chaos in your life,
they would have the
know-how and the means
to disconnect that from you.
>>NOORY: Ancient
civilizations, of course,
which became the
foundation of all of this
truly had an understanding
of what these portals were.
>>SPEAKER: In places like the
Cairo Museum in Egypt a number
of artifacts have been found
from sites such as Saqqara,
for example, that scientists
simply cannot explain.
They're reluctant to even put
them on view to the public.
Some of them are in
backrooms or they're
boxed up in the lower levels.
They're made of materials
that are not from Earth.
We don't know what
this stuff is.
>>NARRATOR: Could these
materials of un-Earthly origin
be proof that these
gateways did exist?
>>FREDDY SILVA: Anything
referred to as a gate of God
or a navel of the
Earth is usually
a sort of an energetic hot
spot, where the laws of physics
are slightly
different or just so
that allows you to
step through a portal
into a level of existence.
>>SEAN STONE: There
is one interpretation
that would say perhaps
there was something
going on connecting
different planets,
different civilizations.
And remember the Sumerian
accounts are of jealous gods
essentially, gods who are
vying for influence and power.
>>NARRATOR: Could
mankind's ability
to find these star gates be
the next chapter in forwarding
our understanding of the
multi-dimensional universe
we live in?
>>NOORY: Did we lose
something, Jason,
that the ancients
had and possessed?
>>QUITT: When I asked
the same question,
the answer that I
would receive is,
Jason you have to remember
in those times there
was a different sun.
This is what they said to me.
There's a different sun.
And this has always bothered me.
>>NOORY: What did
they mean by that?
>>QUITT: What I believe is that
there is a different radiation,
a different energy source
that was coming off the sun.
>>NOORY: And it's changed?
>>QUITT: That it's
changed in modern times.
>>NOORY: Huh.
>>QUITT: And I believe
the sun does go
through these type of cycles.
And right now the
Earth's magnetic field
is in a very
weakened state where
in ancient times when
these sites existed,
these portals into the
other worlds existed,
the magnetic fields sometimes
in places like Jordan, Israel,
Egypt, even in Antarctica,
the magnetic fields
about 3,000 years ago sometimes
was 100 times stronger
in these places
than it was today.
>>NOORY: Somebody must have
taught them this Jason?
This is not something that
ancients would quickly know.
Who taught them?
>>QUITT: I believe that beings
that we would consider gods--
>>NOORY: ETs?
>>QUITT: ETs or just very
advanced humanoid beings
would travel from their world
through the portal system
to our world and either
seed different planets
or they would come
and they would
teach their knowledge so that
we could be at that level again.
And I think that's
starting to happen now.
I think there are many people
waking up and receiving
downloads of free energy
technology, how portals work,
or even a person like
myself and others
who are taught how
to leave their body
and travel these portal
systems to receive
this type of information.
It's happening again.
>>NOORY: Can you
reach these portals
through the dream state?
>>QUITT: Yes.
Yes in fact--
>>NOORY: Might be
the easiest way.
>>QUITT: The dream state is
the best way of accessing it,
and the dream
state is the first,
I would say the first realm,
that you step into to access
these higher dimensional
consciousness streams
to travel.
So sometimes, let's say
for example, a lucid dream.
If I'm in a lucid dream
and I realize I'm dreaming,
sometimes it'll just snap me
right into the outer body state
where I'll just
stop dreaming and--
>>NOORY: And you will
be ascending already.
>>QUITT: I'll be
ascending right when
I figure out I'm conscious.
And when I figure out I'm
conscious in that state,
then the beings will
be there to assist you.
The portals will
open and it's almost
like it's a predetermined place
that they're going to take you
>>NOORY: When people have
had after-death experiences
and they talk about a portal
and they talk about a tunnel
and they talk about
a light, are they
going through these
portals when they die?
>>QUITT: I believe so.
And I'm trying to
figure this out, too,
and I still don't
have all the answers.
But I think the human being is
not just a body, and a spirit,
and a soul.
I think that we are a
multi-dimensional being that
have many different bodies
that we're not aware of.
And at the moment of death,
the physical body dies,
but there are many bodies
that still live on after.
And in ancient times,
especially in Egypt,
they would talk
about the Ba, which
is it's kind of like your
astral body or spirit,
and they would depict it
as a human head on a bird,
and they would show it above
the deceased person's body.
And they made it very clear that
the Ba could leave your body
at night any time and
that it could travel
through different portals.
It's also eternal,
but it's also you.
It maintains your identity
and your personality.
So when I leave my body, I'm me.
I'm Jason with my level of
consciousness and awareness.
And I believe it's that
Ba, that astral body,
that people are describing
as the spirit when they die.
So when the physical
body dies, suddenly
their identity
and personality is
outside their body in
this Ba, or astral body
state, which gives them
access to these portals.
And when you die, the
most common description
is that angels or
beings or family members
are right there to greet you and
assist you into that next place
through these different
portal systems.
>>NOORY: Tell us about your
book, "Forbidden Knowledge."
>>QUITT: "Forbidden
Knowledge," it's
called Revelations of a
Multi-dimensional Time
Traveler.
And it basically goes through
my personal experiences
throughout my whole life of--
>>NOORY: Many of the things
we've talked about today.
>>QUITT: Yes, and rediscovering
that what I go through
is actually part of the
human experience that
has been shut down
for thousands of years
through many different
belief systems and religions
that we're not
supposed to go there.
We're not supposed
to know this stuff.
And this is why we called
the book Forbidden Knowledge,
because you know even just 50
years ago or even 20 years ago,
it's very taboo to talk
about these topics,
to talk about outer
body experiences.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>QUITT: To talk about
ghosts and aliens and all
these topics.
But for me, it's part
of the same phenomenon.
It's all part of this
multi-dimensional existence
that we're all a part of,
and we're all connected to
and that we're just
finally starting
to rediscover that we are
connected to all of this
and we all have access to it.
>>NOORY: Is there
anything that scares you
or about what you've learned
that you think, oh my gosh,
what have I stumbled into here?
>>QUITT: What scares
me the most is the fact
that I realize that we
are responsible for all
of our actions.
So everything that
we do in this world
has consequences and that what
records our life is our heart.
Our heart is an
individual being,
and it will record
our entire life.
So that when we pass,
it's that recording
that decides what
we're going to do next.
>>NOORY: What is hell to you?
>>QUITT: What is hell is a
place of unconsciousness.
And that's to me.
So I believe that when
we go through our healing
process, what we're
doing is we're
processing all the heavy
energies that we've
been connecting with
for many lifetimes.
So a shaman, for
example, will go and heal
and it will be like hell.
It's like they're being
dismembered and being put back
together again so they can
have a new body and a new life.
And that's what I believe hell
is, is living with the things
that we carry that
we want to hide from.
And it's through the
process of letting go
and healing and processing
that energy that we
receive these new bodies
and this new awareness.
>>NOORY: What is heaven?
>>QUITT: I would say heaven
is a state of awareness,
that you are eternal.
You're multi-dimensional,
and you
have the choice
and the sovereignty
to do what you want to do
for your next incarnation.
If you even want to
come back and incarnate.
>>NOORY: Most people, who
have become a little more
aware of consciousness
and psychic abilities
and just aspects of
life that they normally
would not have done have become,
I think, enlightened people.
They're better people.
They're happier people.
They care about other
people more and more.
How do we get this
planet, Jason,
to start thinking that way
as opposed to the horror
that we all witness every day.
How can we have more
Jason Quitts, for example.
>>QUITT: Well, we're
actually doing it right now.
Just having this
conversation openly
is the most amazing thing,
because if I could do this,
it means you can do this.
It's part of the
human experience.
And we just have to be open
and honest about how we live
and what we're experiencing.
And through this,
it's going to awaken
so many other people, where
you won't be able to stop it.
It's just going to be a
normal, human experience.
>>NOORY: And what
would you recommend
to people who are just
starting to get into this,
but they're not quite there yet.
>>QUITT: I would say the
first level of the awakening
process is fear and negativity.
We go through this
huge phase where
we're looking at
conspiracy, when
we're looking at the
world like why am I here,
the world is so evil.
>>NOORY: With doubt.
>>QUITT: Right.
So we really look at the
world with different eyes.
So we have to go
through that fear.
We have to go through
that state first,
and we have to walk through
it and come out of it
to say you know
what, I understand
that our consciousness and what
we believe and what we think
and what we do actually
makes a difference.
And that if we start to change
the way we see the world,
the world will start
to change around us.
>>NOORY: Is there anything
magical about this,
or is it normal and natural?
>>QUITT: We call it magic, but
it's actually the normal state.
If all of us started
to think and perceive
the world in this
way, that's the way
the Earth is going
to evolve into.
>>NOORY: When someone
sees a homeless person
and you give them money, does
that open up portals for us
personally, when you do good?
>>QUITT: I think so.
And it has to do with resonance.
So, for example,
>>NOORY: Karma?
>>QUITT: Karma.
Yes we can call resonance karma
too, because it's pulling us.
So if we want, or
it's not a want.
If we are living
a good life, we're
attracting good things to us.
So many times when people will
have a spiritual experience,
for example, or a
being will come to them
that's a very positive
being, the being
is coming to them
because they're
attracted to the energy
field that they're carrying
because they are doing good.
So if you are a person that sees
the world in a very negative
light, they're going to attract
different beings to them that
also see the world
in a negative light,
and we can call those demons.
The mind is a very
powerful thing,
and energy follows the
direction of your mind.
And it's a very
important universal law.
So if you put your mind
to negative places,
you are giving your life force
to those negative things.
>>NOORY: Is it the power of the
brain, Jason, that does this?
Or is there something out there
that gets this done for us?
>>QUITT: I would say it's
the power of resonance.
And so when you think a certain
way and you feel a certain way,
you're sending out a frequency
through this multi-dimensional
universe.
And that frequency
will immediately
connect to others that
have that same frequency,
and you'll pull that to you.
So if you're on the
right path, if you
have that right
state of mind, it's
almost like the
universe will conspire
to get you to the next place
that you need to go to.
So the right people will
just come into your life
at the right time and will
open up a new life for you.
So I really believe that with
that type of positive thought
and by setting up your
energy in the right way,
suddenly the universe
or source or whatever
you want to call it, is now
pulling you in that direction.
>>NOORY: One day, I
believe, the planet
will awaken and start
thinking this way.
>>QUITT: I think
they're starting.
And once this is out of
the bag, and once people
start to really
see it as reality,
this world is going
to change very fast.
For people who want your
book, "Forbidden Knowledge,"
available where?
It's available on Amazon.
Or they can go to my web site.
>>NOORY: Which is?
>>QUITT: Thecrystalsun.com
and that's thecrystalsun.com.
>>NOORY: Good enough.
Jason, thanks for
being on the program.
You're an enlightened
human being.
I can tell.
>>QUITT: Thank you for
having me, Georage.
>>NOORY: He's got
a glow about him.
I don't know if you can see it
on television, but it's here.
And I think that special glow
is what has changed his life,
and it can change yours, too.
I'm George Noory and
this is Beyond Belief.
[THEME MUSIC]